[FIX] divide readme into 3 parts (#374)
bids-standard/bids-specification: README.md

In this repository, we develop the
[BIDS specification](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> # Using BIDS

Reviewer: "Using BIDS" here means curating your own dataset to conform to BIDS. I think most people would think about "using" to mean running something. What about:

```suggestion
# Applying BIDS to your data
```

Or just

```suggestion
# Applying BIDS
```

> To use BIDS, all you need is neuro data, a computer, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To organize your data in BIDS, all you need is neuro data, a computer, and the
```

> To use BIDS, all you need is neuro data, a computer, and the

Reviewer 2: I couldn't find a list of the available modalities in the specification itself, just as links under "modality specific files." So, for now, this link goes to the GitHub folder. Better suggestions would be appreciated !

```suggestion
To use BIDS, all you need is neuroimaging data (see [supported modalities here](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/tree/master/src/04-modality-specific-files)), a computer, and the
```

Author: I think it's a good idea to add supported modalities! Perhaps it'd be good for now to simply write them down?

Reviewer 2: That does seem like the simplest path forward, for now :) 

We'll just need to remember to keep it sync'ed moving forward !

[BIDS specification](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

> As a user, the GitHub repository and all files therein can be safely ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a dataset curator, the GitHub repository and all files therein can be safely ignored
```

to focus on the rendered content instead (see link above).
The specification is provided in the form of a webpage, built using
[MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and [Read the Docs](https://readthedocs.org/).

# Asking Questions

> If you have a question about BIDS, you have several options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Want to learn more about working with BIDS? Have a question, comment, or suggestion?*
```

> 1. Read some introductory material, most likely the very basic problems have already been addressed!

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should actually move the Starter Kit under the previous section, since it has a lot of helpful information.

Author: Personally, I like it better to have:
1. what you need to use BIDS (only the spec, data, a computer)
2. how you can get help to get started (list of things, first of which is the starter kit)

it keeps the sections non-overlapping this way

Reviewer 2: I think we might want to change the title of this section, then, only since they way the Starter Kit is described isn't as a place to _ask_ questions so much as a resource for many common user questions.

The others seem to really be avenues for folks to directly ask questions about BIDS Standard. Do you see what I mean ?

Author: Yes, I see your point :thinking: how about a simple "Getting started" instead of "Asking questions"?

Or do you have a different suggestion?

In this repository, we develop the
[BIDS specification](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

# When to use BIDS

To organize your data in BIDS, all you need is neuro data, a computer, and the
[BIDS specification](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

BIDS currently supports MRI, MEG, EEG, iEEG, behavioral, and physiological data
and more modalities are being added continuously (see here for
[work in progress modalities](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06-extensions.html#bids-extension-proposals)).

# Formatting your data with BIDS

As a dataset curator, the GitHub repository and all files therein can be safely ignored.
Users should focus on [the rendered content](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
The specification is provided in the form of a webpage, built using
[MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and [Read the Docs](https://readthedocs.org/).

> *Want to learn more about working with BIDS? Have a question, comment, or suggestion?*

Reviewer 2: Light suggestion here would be to convert this into a sub-heading, or add one directly above it. Something like:

```
## Where to go if you need help
```

1. Read some introductory material, most likely the very basic problems have already been addressed!
  - [BIDS Starter Kit](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit) for tutorials, wikis, templates, ...
2. Post your question in one of several channels where BIDS members are active

>   - the [NeuroStars](https://neurostars.org/tags/bids) discourse forum, for technical questions

Reviewer 3: perhaps removing the detail of ` for technical questions` - we can use this for all questions
